Fix documentation after change of default locality in #16258. (#17385)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proofs/automatic-tactics/auto.rst

   By default, hint databases are undiscriminated.

Hint databases defined in the Coq standard library
``````````````````````````````````````````````````

Several hint databases are defined in the Coq standard library. The
actual content of a database is the collection of hints declared
to belong to this database in each of the various modules currently
loaded. Especially, requiring new modules may extend the database.
At Coq startup, only the core database is nonempty and can be used.

:core: This special database is automatically used by ``auto``, except when
       pseudo-database ``nocore`` is given to ``auto``. The core database
       contains only basic lemmas about negation, conjunction, and so on.
       Most of the hints in this database come from the Init and Logic directories.

> :arith: This database contains all lemmas about Peano’s arithmetic proved in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:arith: all lemmas about Peano’s arithmetic proved in the
```

For consistency with others and to avoid boilerplate "This xxx ..."

Also, how about putting these in alphabetic order?  You could add an "Also see zarith for ..."  in the arith entry.

        directories Init and Arith.

:zarith: contains lemmas about binary signed integers from the
         directories theories/ZArith. The database also contains
         high-cost hints that call :tacn:`lia` on equations and
         inequalities in ``nat`` or ``Z``.

> :bool: contains lemmas about booleans, mostly from directory theories/Bool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:bool: lemmas about booleans, mostly from directory theories/Bool.
```

Is "contains" really needed on multiple entries?

:datatypes: is for lemmas about lists, streams and so on that are mainly proved
            in the Lists subdirectory.

:sets: contains lemmas about sets and relations from the directories Sets and
       Relations.

:typeclass_instances: contains all the typeclass instances declared in the
                      environment, including those used for ``setoid_rewrite``,
                      from the Classes directory.

:fset: internal database for the implementation of the ``FSets`` library.

:ordered_type: lemmas about ordered types (as defined in the legacy ``OrderedType`` module),
               mainly used in the ``FSets`` and ``FMaps`` libraries.

> You are advised not to put your own hints in the core database, but

Reviewer: Better to state what users should do rather than what they should not do.  Maybe also mention the rationale for the advice.

Author: As you have noticed, this is just a moved section. I am not really inclined to do more work on it, beyond committing your suggestions and adding minor ones on top for consistency. So I suggest with leave it like that.

> use one or several databases specific to your development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use one or more databases specific to your development.
```

> use one or several databases specific to your development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use one or more databases specific to your development.
```

   By default, hint databases are undiscriminated.

Hint databases defined in the Coq standard library
``````````````````````````````````````````````````

Several hint databases are defined in the Coq standard library. The

> actual content of a database is the collection of hints declared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database contains all hints declared
```

> to belong to this database in each of the various modules currently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to belong to it in the currently loaded modules.
```

> loaded. Especially, requiring new modules may extend the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, requiring new modules may extend the database.
```

What you had is acceptable but much less common.

> At Coq startup, only the core database is nonempty and can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Coq startup, only the core database is nonempty and ready to be used immediately.
```

:core: This special database is automatically used by ``auto``, except when
       pseudo-database ``nocore`` is given to ``auto``. The core database
       contains only basic lemmas about negation, conjunction, and so on.
       Most of the hints in this database come from the Init and Logic directories.

:arith: This database contains all lemmas about Peano’s arithmetic proved in the
        directories Init and Arith.

> :zarith: contains lemmas about binary signed integers from the

Author: ```suggestion
:zarith: lemmas about binary signed integers from the
```

         directories theories/ZArith. The database also contains
         high-cost hints that call :tacn:`lia` on equations and
         inequalities in ``nat`` or ``Z``.

:bool: contains lemmas about booleans, mostly from directory theories/Bool.

> :datatypes: is for lemmas about lists, streams and so on that are mainly proved

Author: ```suggestion
:datatypes: lemmas about lists, streams and so on that are mainly proved
```

            in the Lists subdirectory.

> :sets: contains lemmas about sets and relations from the directories Sets and

Author: ```suggestion
:sets: lemmas about sets and relations from the directories Sets and
```

       Relations.

> :typeclass_instances: contains all the typeclass instances declared in the

Author: ```suggestion
:typeclass_instances: special database containing all typeclass instances declared in the
```

      The :cmd:`Hint Rewrite` now supports locality attributes like other `Hint` commands.

   .. versionchanged:: 8.18

      The default value for hint locality outside sections used to be :attr:`global`.

>       This was changed to :attr:`export`.

Reviewer: Put the history info second.

Hint locality
-------------

> To help transitioning hints from the :attr:`global` to the :attr:`export` locality,
> the following option can be useful to approximatively detect hints that are used,
> but would become unavailable after the change of locality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following option can be useful for identifying hints that are used but will become
unavailable when the default hint locality changes from :attr:`global` to :attr:`export` locality
in a future release.  Note that it identifies most but not all such hints.
```

Reviewer: As usual, I'm guessing what is intended.  Perhaps you would tweak it's correct?  I thought the wording/sentence structure was convoluted with three clauses.  "Approximately detect" seemed a bit off, too.

Author: FWIW, the approximation is the other way around compared to what you wrote, i.e., it identifies hints that are not used. This is explained in the hint description.

.. opt:: Loose Hint Behavior {| "Lax" | "Warn" | "Strict" }

   This :term:`option` accepts three values:

>    - "Lax": this is the default, and a no-op.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - "Lax": no scope errors or warnings are generated for hints.   This is the default.
```
